---
title: 'Simple Stata-to-LaTeX Tempaltes'
date: 2022-10-10
permalink: /posts/2022/10/stata-to-latex/
tags:
  - Stata
  - LaTeX
  - Resources
---

Stata's popular user-wrriten command [estout/esttab](http://repec.sowi.unibe.ch/stata/estout/) is a powerful tool to export Stata output to other envrionments (csv, txt, word, and tex). Nevertheless, there are lots of details one need to remember to use esttab/estout to produce nice tables. Things become even more intimidating if one wishes to use Stata for analysis and LaTeX for writing, because of LaTeX's plasticity and, therefore, complexity.

As such, I realize that it might be a good idea to come up with some easy-to-use Stata-to-LaTeX templates. With these templates, most Stata-to-LaTeX transfers can be done on a copy-and-paste basis. [Here](https://www.overleaf.com/read/kfxrxfbqsytm) is my intitial effort (this link will lead you to Overleaf, an online LaTeX editor). As the abstract goes,

> This document is an easy-to-use toolbox that converts Stata output to LATEX. All tables are produced using Stata’s system data auto.dta. Users can utilize the templates in this document to create their own LATEX tables. Specifically, users can substitute the template contents with their own tex file generated by Stata’s Stata’s user-written esttab command, replacing the part between *\begin{tabular}* and *\end{tabular}*. To further refine the tables, users can adjust table sizes (*adjustbox*), edit table titles (*caption*) and add notes (*tablenotes*). Stata code used to produce all tables can be found in the associated log file. For any further information regarding the document, please address correspondence to the author.

At the moment, there are only some basic templates such as summary statistics, standard regression tables, and stacked regression tables. More content will be added in the future. In addition to the LaTeX templates, I also include my Stata code and log file that produces the tables in the Overleaf document.

Finally, here are some other useful Stata-to-LaTeX guides:
* [The Stata-to-LaTeX guide](https://medium.com/the-stata-guide/the-stata-to-latex-guide-6e7ed5622856)
* [LaTeX table hints and tips](https://statatexblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/tabletricks_latex.pdf)
